Update SolrRequestExecutor to also check for latest transaction (#55)
xenit-eu/alfresco-health-processor: README.md

</details>

##### Solr 2.0

> When the health-processor is used for Solr index validation on Search Services 2.0 and upper it is advised to enable `eu.xenit.alfresco.healthprocessor.plugins.solr-index.check-transaction=true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the health-processor is used for Solr index validation on Search Services 2.0 and higher it is advised to enable `eu.xenit.alfresco.healthprocessor.plugins.solr-index.check-transaction=true`.
```

> This property enables not only checking if the content is present in solr, but also if the content is fully up-to-date with the latest transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property checks that the document is fully up-to-date with the latest transaction instead of only checking presence in the index in any version.
```
